[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Your background
is an investigative reporter
in the field of
extraterrestrial-related
phenomena.
>>PAOLA HARRIS: I've
been to Colombia.
>>NOORY: Good sightings there?
>>HARRIS: Not only sightings.
There's people coming
off spacecraft.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>HARRIS: This idea
that UFOs are a threat
has an agenda behind it.
It is time to tell the truth.
>>NOORY: Will we ever get
real disclosure, Paola?
>>HARRIS: I think that
whatever consciousness is out
there will respond to you
if you are very sincere.
And that's the only
way, George, you're
going to get your
answer, because I
don't think it's going to
come out of the government.
>>NOORY: Is there a
message for humanity
based on everything
you have investigated?
>>HARRIS: We could
shut you down.
>>NOORY: Like that?
>>HARRIS: Like that.
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Beyond Belief,"
and what a great
program we have for you.
Paola Harris is a
photojournalist and
investigative
reporter in the field
of extraterrestrial-related
phenomena.
She has studied
extraterrestrial-related
phenomena since 1979.
Welcome back, Paola,
to the program.
>>HARRIS: It's a
pleasure, George.
Nice to be here.
>>NOORY: How did you
get started in this?
>>HARRIS: With Allen Hynek.
I mean--
>>NOORY: Oh!
>>HARRIS: --yeah, I
mean, the astronomer.
When you're working
with a scientist,
you know that this is serious.
And I saw the movie "Close
Encounters," ironically.
I was teaching--
>>NOORY: Based on his book?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
And all of his classifications--
because he's the one
that did Close Encounters
of the First Kind, which is
sightings, Second Kind, which
is physical traces, and
Third Kind, which is contact.
And in that film, Jacques
Vallée was portrayed by--
>>NOORY: Lacombe.
>>HARRIS: --Francois Truffaut,
Truffaut, the director.
His name was Lacombe
in the film, yes.
And I saw that last scene,
and I started to cry.
And I thought, whoa, I don't
know anything about this.
So I ended up in
Evanston, Illinois,
at CUFOS, Center
for UFO Studies.
I walk in.
There's Hynek.
And I said, is this real?
Because in 1979, it wasn't
something we talked about--
>>NOORY: Oh, that's true.
>>HARRIS: --as freely as today.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: We can
talk about it today.
>>NOORY: It's
picking up steam now.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
So he said, you want to work
with me, you speak Italian.
And so-- because I did all
of his Italian translations
of all the sightings in Europe.
I worked with him until he
died of a brain tumor in 1986.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that was sad.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And he came along
in a very slow fashion.
When he was heading up Project
Blue Book, he was a skeptic.
But something changed
him, didn't it?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, it did.
I think the Air Force's
program on Project Blue Book
weren't going to be excited
if he was a believer.
So they picked the
right man, an academic,
a man that's a scientist.
And I remember-- now,
Jacques told me this,
because since I've met Jacques,
he said, you know, Paola,
the thing that made Allen Hynek
change his mind is the Lonnie
Zamora case in Socorro because--
>>NOORY: The police
officer, right?
>>HARRIS: The police--
the state trooper.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Because
what Hynek was looking
for was the case that he
could go to the government
with and say, this is real.
>>NOORY: And that was the case--
if I recollect, Zamora
was in his cruiser,
coming up along the
side of the highway,
and saw what he thought was a
white car almost flipped over.
He wasn't quite sure.
He thought it was an accident.
And then, as he gets closer,
he realizes, this isn't a car.
And then he sees a couple
occupants scurrying around,
and then it took off.
They got in and took off.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
>>HARRIS: And he's credible
because of who he was.
And for us, it's in
our book "Trinity,"
which we're going to talk about
Jacques Vallée in my book.
We talk about that case
because the craft is not
a flying saucer.
It's egg shaped.
>>NOORY: Right.
See, I thought, when I
first heard about this case,
that it was a lunar module
moon landing test because it
kind of looked like that.
It had that kind of
tripod look to it.
I thought maybe that was
it, that that's what he saw.
But it wasn't.
>>HARRIS: No, he
saw little people.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: And it
gets complicated.
And when people
see little people,
they're seeing something
that even today nobody
wants to talk about, and
that's who's inside the craft.
>>NOORY: Tell us
about Jacques Vallée.
How did you meet him?
>>HARRIS: Well, I started
working on the San Antonio
case--
1945 crash.
And actually, you had Reme Baca
and Jose Padilla on your show,
on your radio show years ago
because I brought them there--
two little boys who
see a crash in 1945.
And they were alive,
and I know where
it crashed because I've been
to that location so often now.
So I was working on it, and
nobody paid attention to it,
George.
They just didn't pay--
>>NOORY: It was a great story.
>>HARRIS: It was a great story.
And then Jacques
started working on it
four years ago because he
was in Datil, New Mexico,
collecting metal samples.
So he wrote me a
letter, and he said,
I hear the case that you're
working on has metal.
And I said, yeah.
The nine-year-old went
in and pulled it off
the wall of the UFO.
And he goes, would you be
willing to tell me about it,
and could we go there
together, and could you
let me meet the people?
And four years we
worked on it together.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>HARRIS: So it's a
total of nine years.
And Jacques said, this is
the most incredible story
because it's got the location,
it's got the witnesses,
it's got the metal, and it's
one month after the atomic bomb.
So he said it's historical.
>>NOORY: Bingo.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's it.
Regina Meredith, on the
Gaia show "Open Minds,"
talked to you and Jacques Vallée
about J Allen Hynek and what
got him started in
the UFO research.
Let's look.
>>JACQUES VALLEE: Some of
my education was in France.
I was recruited by
Paris Observatory
in the first team
that did satellite
tracking in French science.
I quickly realized that UFOs
were an unsolved problem--
actually, unsolved and
unresearched because everybody
was afraid of rocking the
boat about the theories that
existed.
And I became aware of the work
that had been done in the US.
Of course, American science is
a model for European science
in many ways.
And I was recruited to work
at the University of Texas,
where I had access to records.
I had access to a computer
in a much more open way
than I did in France to study
UFOs alongside the astronomical
work I was doing.
And then, through
that work, I met
Dr. Hynek and moved to
Northwestern University
in Chicago and worked actually
with him pretty much day
to day for about five years.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
And this was while he
was doing his research for the
US military and intelligence
agencies, right?
>>VALLEE: Well, he was
the scientific consultant
to Project Blue Book, which
was the Air Force project
to study reports from the
public, mostly from the public
but also from the
armed forces, and try
to see if there was a scientific
value to those observations.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>VALLEE: And I was
bringing the databases
from the European
side that I had
been studying for many years
and starting to apply computer
science research to this.
>>NOORY: He and J Allen
Hynek-- incredible guys.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Aren't they?
>>NOORY: And great researchers.
>>HARRIS: And they
were good friends,
and their families
were good friends.
And it was history.
It was UFO history that
was happening back then.
>>NOORY: It was.
Could you imagine if we had
Hynek here today with Jacques
and you as a researcher?
I think you're one of
the best researchers
out there today, Paola.
>>HARRIS: Thank you.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: I mean, we would get
some answers that we still
haven't gotten yet.
>>HARRIS: Well, my job--
George, I want to
make this clear--
is just to do the field work.
I don't want to do, you know--
I think, in this
country, there's
a lot of entertainment
around UFOs.
And so when I tell you that
I did nine years of going out
in the field, I mean--
where the location is, there
were snakes all the time
when I was out there.
>>NOORY: You hate snakes.
>>HARRIS: I hate snakes.
That's the only things I hate.
There were snakes.
There were scorpions.
It was darn hot.
It was-- they kept changing
the location because they
knew I was going down there.
At a certain point, there were
even poisonous plants planted.
>>NOORY: Oh jeez.
>>HARRIS: I didn't know
this, but the person
I was working with
pulled them out,
and he had a reaction
where he couldn't breathe.
And then I was
wondering, why did
they plant these plants
just in the location where
the UFO crashed?
And they-- because they're
watching me the whole time,
knowing I'm coming back,
knowing I'm bringing people.
I brought Jaime Maussán
there, who did a story.
He did the story for Gaia,
actually, on this case.
The 1945 case is powerful.
I think it's got a lot that
will also help the Roswell case.
>>NOORY: Tell us a
little bit about what
happened in San Antonio.
>>HARRIS: Well, in 1945, one
month after the atomic bomb,
two little boys are
checking the fences.
But these aren't
regular little boys.
I mean, Jose Padilla is
driving a truck at that age.
Reme Baca's with him.
He's seven years old.
These are doing the work of men
because they lived on a ranch.
And it was like a thunderstorm
just like Roswell.
And this thing comes
in, this avocado shape.
Again, remember, like
the Lonnie Zamora.
>>NOORY: Interesting shape.
>>HARRIS: Yeah,
the circular shape
takes out a piece
of a radio tower
and lands with
all its integrity.
It does not crack
up or anything.
It does have a panel missing.
So that when the boys who were
curious and saw the whole thing
walked down about
500 feet from it,
they take binoculars and can
see three creatures sliding
back and forth.
That's the part that's
difficult because--
>>NOORY: You can't
make this stuff up.
>>HARRIS: No.
They didn't know what it was.
There was no Kenneth Arnold.
There was no word
"flying saucer."
There was no TV.
They thought it
was a plane crash,
and they were going to help
the people that were in there.
And that's what happened
with Jose Padilla.
He heard them screaming.
He said it sounded
like a baby crying,
and he wanted to run
in and help them.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
We've got Jacques Vallée
again on "Open Minds"
talking about government's
disclosure of some of these
discoveries.
Here's what he had to say.
>>VALLEE: All the
attention, everything
you see on TV and so on, is
what is the government going
to reveal to us?
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>VALLEE: Now my
approach isn't that.
I think-- I don't
think you should wait
for the government--
>>MEREDITH: No, I agree.
>>VALLEE: --to tell
you what's going on.
>>MEREDITH: Hallelujah.
>>VALLEE: I mean, your
neighbors have seen UFOs.
In this case--
I have a colleague
who says, well,
you had some clearances
along the way when you worked
on space projects and so on.
But you'll never
have the clearances
it takes to know what's really
going on in a case like this
in the Manhattan Project.
And my response is, I
don't need the clearances.
I have the witnesses.
These two little
kids were there.
The government wasn't there.
These two little kids
were there on the spot
when the thing crashed.
It actually didn't crash.
It crash landed.
It was under power.
It didn't break apart.
And the entire
thing was recovered.
It's incredible.
So Lamar and Paola
had been researching
this for four or five years--
>>MEREDITH: Oh, well, you're
in your 12th year or something
right now.
>>VALLEE: --four or
five years before.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, yeah.
>>VALLEE: Now I came in
because I had been looking
at other cases in New Mexico.
And--
>>MEREDITH: Socorro and--
>>VALLEE: A friend of mine
knew one of the witnesses, who
by then was in his
late 70s and 80s,
and wanted to
introduce me to him.
And then I discovered that
Paola had already done research
with that witness.
So we combined the information
we had, and then we
went back to the site,
and that was the story.
>>NOORY: Why hasn't
there been much coverage
other than the things you've
brought to my show about this?
>>HARRIS: They don't care.
I mean, I'm convinced
some people don't even
believe in UFOs who
are talking about UFOs.
Very little field
research is done,
maybe because it costs money.
But there's very
little research done.
When I was in Italy, I
learned about this case.
I was living in Italy,
and my first thought
was, why aren't my
colleagues jumping on this?
Because the witnesses
are still alive.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
It's perfect.
>>HARRIS: They're still alive!
I mean, what are you
going to wait 60 years?
And we lost half
of the witnesses.
But I can't
understand it, George,
because the only kind
of research I like doing
is field research.
>>NOORY: I love that.
>>HARRIS: I love that
because I'm there.
I talk to the people.
They can show me.
I don't do things on the phone.
I don't pick up--
I don't listen to whistleblowers
from the CIA giving me
information.
I have to go to the place.
I have to live what they lived.
And then I have to
figure out if they're
telling the truth, which
is the hardest part.
>>NOORY: That's true.
Do you ever hook them up
to a lie detector test?
>>HARRIS: I don't need to
anymore after 40 years.
>>NOORY: You're the lie
detector test, aren't you?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
For instance, if they're
going to ask me for $250,000
or they're going to say
something, I'm going to--
my red flag goes up.
If they say, the
world needs to know
that there was a statement made
after the atomic bomb blasted,
then I know that their agenda
is a little bit different.
And that's Jose Padilla.
He said, I don't want any money.
He said, this happened.
You got to know this happened.
I was nine years old.
This is the truth.
He said, my family
doesn't even believe me.
He said, but I've had
to live with this,
he said, because
we lived through--
and Jacques talks about
this on that show--
we had to live through the bomb.
It was not a test.
That bomb that
was exploded there
was as powerful as
the one in Nagasaki.
And they never told the people.
>>NOORY: And Hiroshima.
>>HARRIS: And there was
70,000 people living there.
And the rain, the plutonium
or whatever the rain was--
>>NOORY: They're all exposed.
>>HARRIS: 150 miles out.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>HARRIS: Nobody knew.
>>NOORY: What happened
to the oval-shaped craft?
>>HARRIS: Well, it took them
about seven to eight days
to recover that, and
they had to make a road.
The road that's down there
now is made by the army.
They had to cut--
you're going to
laugh about this.
They had to cut the gate because
they couldn't take the weather
balloon through it.
And Jose and his father had
collected weather balloons
for the army, so
they knew it wasn't--
>>NOORY: So they knew.
>>HARRIS: --they didn't
have to cut a gate.
And so the boys
watched for seven days
as they loaded it
on a lowboy and had
to take kind of an A-frame to
go sideways over the overpass.
There's an underpass
near where it
is that that thing
had to go through,
so it had to be sideways.
And I talked to
Reme Baca, and he
said, because he worked for
the governor of Washington
State, Dixy Lee, who was
involved with the Atomic Energy
Commission, to thank her for
helping her get elected--
the Hispanic community.
She showed him the case.
The case is in the Atomic
Energy Commission files.
It is not in the
Air Force files.
>>NOORY: Were there
any samples that they
picked up, some kind
of metal or something?
>>HARRIS: Well, what
happened was Jacques
and I were working on
this for four years,
and then all at once Jose
says, well-- he says,
my niece was living
with my father,
and you better talk to her.
And he didn't know, when I went
to LA to talk to his niece,
that his niece was
seven years old
and had seen the foil,
the long pieces of foil--
>>NOORY: Oh my--
>>HARRIS: --that you
scrunch up and then go back.
>>NOORY: Unfolds back--
just like Roswell.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
And so he didn't know that.
But she told us that.
She said, we didn't have
Slinkies in those days,
so Grandpa would give us
these long pieces of foil,
and we'd scrunch them,
and they'd go back.
And then-- this is
the funniest part--
when that craft did
hit the radio tower,
it spewed out about 10 pounds of
angel hair that the two boys--
>>NOORY: Collected?
>>HARRIS: --collected
because they lit up.
So guess what they
did with them.
They trimmed the
Christmas trees.
>>NOORY: Where is it now?
>>HARRIS: Well, this
is 76 years ago.
So the house that
they were living in--
and I went to the
location-- burned down.
And because this stuff
was so beautiful--
and they had 10 pounds of it
that lit up in pink and purple
and so forth--
could have been
fiber optics or--
>>NOORY: It could have been.
>>HARRIS: --like that.
>>NOORY: Could have been.
>>HARRIS: They gave it
to all the neighbors.
So I said to Jose,
look, you're going
to need to talk to
all your neighbors
to see if they have any
Christmas decorations left.
>>NOORY: They might
in boxes from all--
>>HARRIS: Yes!
>>NOORY: You know?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
Because they gave it
to all the neighbors,
because the neighbors
saw it on the windows.
They put it on the windows.
>>NOORY: What a
discovery, Paola--
if they're still there.
>>HARRIS: Oh, that would
be amazing, wouldn't it?
>>NOORY: Oh my god,
get great material.
>>HARRIS: Because that's
the original material.
And I'm thinking
of-- you could start
a movie with these kids just
decorating the Christmas trees
and then flash back to
they're picking it up
and all the mesquite
and all the bushes,
because they picked it up.
And it was so pretty.
It lit up by itself.
And they picked it up and
put it in a big canvas bag.
>>NOORY: Well, now,
Roswell happened two years
after this event, right?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Yet Roswell
has the notoriety.
San Antonio doesn't.
>>HARRIS: I hope it
doesn't get notoriety.
I don't need to
see T-shirts or I
don't need to see cups
with San Antonio on them.
And I hope-- I
don't mean to say--
>>NOORY: Or festivals
or anything like that.
>>HARRIS: --or festivals
or people selling
lemonade and all their wares.
Unfortunately-- I have
a European mentality--
this belongs in
university and in science.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>HARRIS: It does not
belong in the circus.
>>NOORY: I agree.
>>HARRIS: And the problem
with the UFO material,
the way it's presented, is
if you're at the Marriott
and you've got a conference
and somebody walks
by who's a scientist and he
sees a rubber alien out--
he's not going to come in.
And so what I did--
yeah-- was have the Laughlin
conference in Laughlin, Nevada,
once a year where
it's geared towards--
>>NOORY: I've gone to
some of your conferences.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, yeah, you--
>>NOORY: And they're well
put together, by the way.
You do a good job.
>>HARRIS: And there's no
little gray aliens out there.
What there is the
pictures of the Hubble,
and the red carpet's all the
Hubble telescope and photos
of the galaxies and so forth.
I think Jacques and I have
one thing in common, George--
we want science to get involved.
>>NOORY: And that's
so important.
And that's your background.
Your background is an
investigative reporter.
You want real science.
And I think you'll
get that eventually.
>>HARRIS: I'm hoping
that it doesn't
have a stigma because we need
more scientists like Jacques
and Hynek, and they're
afraid that they're
going to be stigmatized
with the UFO question.
But today in 2021,
my kids are going,
Mom, it's OK because it's
in "The New York Times."
Ad I'm going, OK.
It's in "The New York Times."
I've been working for 40 years.
You never believed it.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>HARRIS: But now that it's
in "The New York Times."
>>NOORY: Now you believe it.
Tell me about the
researchers that
are up and coming,
because we've lost
so many great ones-- the Hyneks,
Stanton Friedman, people who
are just good
dedicated ufologists
who investigated these things.
Eventually people are going to
get older and older and older
and die off.
Are we replacing them?
>>HARRIS: God, George, that's a
good question you're asking me.
You and I, we're on the same
wavelength with that thought.
It's so sad because I know
that I'm going to retire soon.
All my archive is going
to Rice University--
all Jacques' and all
Whitley Strieber's.
So we won't lose
the research we did.
It's going to Rice at the
Department of Religious Studies
with Jeff Kripal.
I had to do something
with all of it.
And I don't know.
It's like, if I see
any young people--
in Laughlin, we give an
award to a young researcher.
I go looking for them.
But it can't be a
young researcher who
wants to be famous or anything.
It has to be somebody
who when they were little
were passionate about--
>>NOORY: Just dedicated to it.
>>HARRIS: Dedicated to it, yeah.
>>NOORY: Well, we got
another clip for you to see--
Robert Salas, who has talked
about UFOs by nuke sites--
again, on Regina Meredith's
"Open Mind" show.
She has collected
some great interviews.
Here's another one.
>>ROBERT SALAS: I get a
call from my topside guard,
and he's saying, well,
sir, we've been--
the guards and I have been
out looking at the stars,
and we've been seeing some
strange flying objects up here
going at high speeds, stopping
on a dime, reversing course,
making 90-degree turns,
not making any sounds--
>>MEREDITH: At very high speeds?
>>SALAS: --very high
speeds, very strange.
And they're not any kind of
aircraft that we know of.
And I even said,
you mean like UFOs?
And he said, well, sir,
we can't explain them.
And I just wanted to report it.
I said, OK, thank
you for your report.
>>MEREDITH: Now, where were you?
You say he was topside.
So that indicates
you were not topside.
>>SALAS: No, I'm sorry.
I was 60 feet underground in a
hardened, concrete, and steel
capsule.
>>MEREDITH: So this is
extremely secure, I take it.
>>SALAS: Extremely secure.
>>MEREDITH: Well, I mean,
with that many missiles,
it should be extremely secure.
>>SALAS: Yeah.
Supposedly, we were able to
withstand a nuclear blast
overhead.
>>MEREDITH: OK.
>>SALAS: So this was a very
secure facility, obviously.
>>MEREDITH: And is this where
the controls for the silo
are located,
underneath the ground?
>>SALAS: The controls
for all the missiles
were all located underground.
They had no controls
topside or ground level.
>>MEREDITH: Just setting
the stage for what's
going to happen.
>>SALAS: Right, right.
So-- and this is an important
point because first thing
people are going
to want to think
is this was some kind of a
hoax, that it was perpetrated
by those guys upstairs.
It was not.
So anyway, this phone call--
this first phone call,
I basically hung up on him,
thanked him, and thought,
you know, it's a little strange.
This guy's a professional.
I knew the guard, and he
was always very straight
and did not joke around,
things like that.
So are these guys trying to
kid me or what, you know?
Well, went back to my book, and
then five minutes or so later,
I get another call.
This time, the same guard
is screaming into the phone.
And he's obviously frightened.
He's yelling into the phone.
He's not speaking his words.
He's yelling them.
And he says, we've got
all the guards out here.
They've all got
their weapons drawn.
I'm looking out
the front window,
and I see this
glowing, red object.
It's an elongated oval shape,
pulsating red-orange light,
sitting--
or hovering just
above the front gate--
no noise, absolutely silent.
And they're scared to death.
>>NOORY: What does your lie
detector say about that?
It's incredible.
>>HARRIS: I know him very well.
His testimony at the
citizen hearing--
>>NOORY: Years ago.
>>HARRIS: --years ago shook all
those congressmen and senators
that were there.
This goes with the idea
that-- and I always tease--
that UFOs or whatever that
is is not on vacation.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>HARRIS: They're seen
over particular places that
could be detrimental to us.
And I want to say two things.
Number one, Robert told me later
that when he was down there--
I said, did you get
any impressions?
Robert told me later
that in his mind came,
we could shut you down.
>>NOORY: Like that?
>>HARRIS: Like that,
we can shut you down.
They were pointed-- because
it was the Cold War,
and they were pointed at
the Soviet Union and Europe.
And the Soviet Union evidently
had an incident where
the code started on their own.
So it doesn't take
a rocket scientist
to see that 1945 was a message.
I don't think those things were
just flying around because they
wanted to see New Mexico.
>>NOORY: They picked up an
atomic explosion on this
planet--
two of them in 1945--
Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
And they realized these
people are in the game now.
We have to go there.
And that's how it started.
>>HARRIS: These people
are affecting our level
of dimension, because when
you blast a nuclear bomb--
and the A-bomb was nothing
like-- the H-bomb was worse.
>>NOORY: You could be
tearing something in space.
Who knows.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
And you're coming into
our territory now.
If they were a threat, they
would have done it that--
>>NOORY: I thought so.
>>HARRIS: If they
were a threat--
>>NOORY: A long time ago.
>>HARRIS: --they would
have done it then.
They would have said,
these species are crazy.
They are--
>>NOORY: Wipe them out.
>>HARRIS: Wipe them out.
Let's just start over
again with this planet.
This idea that UFOs are a
threat has an agenda behind it.
And UFOS could have--
well, they didn't do anything.
I mean, they scared
those poor military guys.
They scared them.
But did they-- they
shut the missiles down,
and you could bring
them back up in a week.
>>NOORY: If we had
a voice analyzer who
deals with truth
watching Robert Salas,
I guarantee you,
Paola, he would say,
that man's telling the truth.
>>HARRIS: Of course.
Well, they were scared.
He's-- I mean, he's not going
to go and risk his career
as a military man.
And Steven Greer's
Disclosure Project
shows that all those
guys risked their career.
But they thought it was
time to tell the truth.
And it is time.
Let's get over it.
It is time to tell the truth.
>>NOORY: Is there a
message for humanity?
Based on everything
you have investigated,
what do you think is happening?
They're visiting us?
They're coming here?
They have been since the
beginning of mankind?
What's going on, Paola?
>>HARRIS: I'm not that wise,
but I did talk to Edgar Mitchell
once.
>>NOORY: I miss him.
>>HARRIS: I miss him too.
>>NOORY: Apollo 14 astronaut.
>>HARRIS: Astronaut-- yeah.
He said--
>>NOORY: Walked on the moon.
>>HARRIS: You know
what he said to me?
I said, do you think people
are ready for disclosure?
He said, no.
I said, why?
He said, they can't get
along with each other.
How are they going to get along
with extraterrestrial races
that look completely
different from them?
How are they going to get along
with all these different types
of races?
Now, you know that
Clifford Stone
said there was 57
different species he
was dealing with that
he had seen in a manual.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: I mean, we
have exo-racism as it is.
The reptilians are bad.
There's abductions.
The Nordics are good.
They're angels.
I mean--
>>NOORY: The Greys
do their thing.
>>HARRIS: I mean,
it's ridiculous
how we have already made
a decision about something
we don't really know
that much about.
And so when Mitchell
told me, I felt sad
because I think you
and I want to know--
>>NOORY: We want the answers.
>>HARRIS: We want the
answers before we go--
>>NOORY: We want the answers.
>>HARRIS: --to the other place.
It's like, we want the answers.
But even the ETs I don't
think want to give us
the answers right now.
And Jacques said
something very beautiful
that I want to share with you.
He said, look-- he
said, this phenomena
is a teaching mechanism to show
us who we are as a species.
He said, every now and
then, we look up and wonder.
We see a UFO.
And he says, we-- because
he did when he was young.
And he says, we have
to open our minds
and we have to think
outside the box.
And I love that,
because in the end,
there isn't a whole bunch
you can do with a sighting.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
When you saw the movie "Close
Encounters of the Third Kind,"
Hynek walked in with his
pipe and you saw Lacombe.
Had you known Jacques Vallée--
>>HARRIS: No, no, I didn't know.
>>NOORY: --prior to that?
You didn't?
>>HARRIS: No.
>>NOORY: So you didn't put
the two and two together--
>>HARRIS: No, no.
>>NOORY: --that he
was that person?
Now, if you went and
saw the movie today--
>>HARRIS: No, I put two and
two that he was that person,
but he was--
>>NOORY: But you didn't
know him that well.
>>HARRIS: I didn't
know him at all.
I mean, I just
worked with Hynek,
and I asked Jacques about that.
And he had already
moved to Silicon Valley
and worked in Silicon Valley
and was in California.
Destiny, which has
guided my career,
has placed all these incidents
and all these people,
whether it be Edgar Mitch
or Colonel Corso in my life
just to do a job.
>>NOORY: You've been
blessed in all that.
>>HARRIS: I do the job.
I do what I'm supposed to do.
I archive it.
It's going to Rice University.
And George, that's
really all there is.
>>NOORY: The
government has released
a report that was mandated
in the COVID-19 bill
legislation which basically
said nothing other than we don't
really know what these are.
We can't say they're ours.
We don't think they are.
We can't say they're
Russian or Chinese.
extraterrestrial.
All we can say is they're UAPs,
unidentified aerial phenomena.
We don't know what they are.
Will we ever get real
disclosure, Paola?
>>HARRIS: I think
you can answer that.
For what reason?
Because they decided they're
going to tell us the truth?
I mean, the vested interest
in the back engineering
and the advanced technologies
is really the secret.
I didn't know that until
I met Colonel Corso.
So if you see even
Steven Greer's movie
"The Cosmic Hoax," you realize
we've back engineered stuff.
So we don't know if it's our
stuff or their stuff we're
looking at anymore.
It's so confusing.
My test is, if it
has an agenda--
and the agenda, if you look
at Harry Reid, Marco Rubio,
and all those guys,
is to go to Congress
to say it's a threat so we get
more money to do something.
If that's the agenda, then
we're not looking at honesty.
And that's not where I'm going.
Like Jacques said,
that's not where
I'm going for the information.
I'm going to the witnesses.
I'm going to the countries.
I've been working extensively
in Latin America right now.
I've been to Colombia.
>>NOORY: Good sightings there?
>>HARRIS: Oh, not
only sightings.
There's people coming
off spacecraft there.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>HARRIS: We have
witnesses-- five
and six-- journalists in the
Chilca Desert, Sixto Paz.
Journalists are there.
The thing lands,
and you'd say, well,
why does it happen there
that it doesn't happen here?
Because here, if something
lands and somebody comes out,
just like "The Day the
Earth Stood Still--"
>>NOORY: We shoot at it.
>>HARRIS: --we shoot them.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: You're right.
>>HARRIS: There's all these
people, and they're so nice,
and they're out in the desert.
And the thing's going to land
because it's basically safer.
So for me, I'm not
looking at the government.
I'd rather go to Colombia,
Argentina, Chile--
I've been to the
Atacama Desert twice.
I'd like to go there
so that I'm there
looking at the people
that are not lying,
that don't want to be on TV,
that don't ask for money,
and ask them, what did you see?
What were they like?
What do you think
the message is?
And all I can share
with you right now
is that in Latin America
the message is we're
an ecological last
days disaster.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, all of this lately has
been from that 2004 incident
off the "USS Nimitz," where our
Navy fighter pilots witnessed
what they have called the Tic
Tac UAPs, whatever they may be.
Let's look.
>> On December 16th, 2017, two
videos emerged on the internet
that showed Navy pilots
encountering mysterious
spherical objects that move
through the air in ways that
mystified experts.
>> My gosh, there's a
whole fleet of them.
Look on the SA.
They're all going against.
The wind's 120
miles to the west.
>> What the hell is that?
Have you got a moving target?
>> A third video,
released in March 2018,
depicted a similar encounter.
>> Look at that thing.
It's rotating.
>> These three videos are
referred to as Flir 1, Gimbal,
and GoFast.
>> Oh my gosh, dude.
>> Wow.
What is that, man?
Look at it fly.
>> Years earlier, the videos
captured by a US Navy F/A-18
Super Hornet documents an
incident that occurred in 2004
known as the
"Nimitz" encounters,
so named for the fighter
pilots of "USS Nimitz"
carrier strike group, who
spotted the mysterious flying
bodies.
>> 2.5 dB.
>> The pilots reported
as strange-shaped object
resembling the popular Tic Tac
breath mint about 100 miles off
the coast of San Diego.
What makes these particular
videos so significant
is the fact that
in September 2019
the official spokesperson
for the Deputy
Chief of Naval Operations
for Information Warfare
confirmed publicly--
>> The Navy designates the
objects contained in these
videos as unidentified
aerial phenomena.
>> While that statement alone
is of historical significance,
what the videos themselves
suggest is remarkable.
Ongoing incursions of
unidentified aerial phenomena,
or UAPs, are being captured
on video by the US Navy
that maneuver in ways
that are impossible
for any current acknowledged
aviation technology.
>>NOORY: Dramatic.
>>HARRIS: It is.
It's dramatic.
But can I add something?
When I was living in
Italy, I got similar photos
from a pilot who was my friend
who was a pilot for Alitalia.
And he had gone
across the Atlantic,
and he actually
photographed those things.
So pilots have
seen these things.
And I love this video because
the guys look like they're
having a great time.
It's like--
>>NOORY: Oh, they were-- they
loved chasing these things.
>>HARRIS: He's chasing them.
They're cat and mouse.
>>NOORY: It's like a video game.
>>HARRIS: It's
like a video game.
If they would leave
it at that and not
make it a national threat--
that's cat and mouse.
I mean, that isn't like those
things were after anybody.
It's like saying,
hey, we're here.
Malmstrom is like,
We can shut you down.
It's been going--
>>NOORY: We want
you to know that--
>>HARRIS: We're just watching.
>>NOORY: --you know,
that kind of thing.
>>HARRIS: We're watching--
don't go overboard.
We're here.
I mean, anybody that uses logic
knows if-- hey, we're here--
you consider that a
threat that you're
going to make space-based
weapons to go after them
and have a space war.
I remember Colonel Corso
telling me-- he said, Paola--
he said, we knew
they were there.
He says, but the
technology is so great
that if we ever shot at them it
would be like shooting cannons
in the old days.
And this is Colonel Corso.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, so--
>>NOORY: Tell me about "Trinity"
that you wrote with Jacques
Vallée.
>>HARRIS: Well, we decided
to call it "Trinity"
because Jacques did
extensive research
on what really happened
at the end of World War II
to get Japan to surrender.
He read so many books that--
I read the books he was
reading on the history.
And the Manhattan Project
was very important.
Every time I-- the
crash happened 13 miles
from even that banner that
Oppenheimer put down there.
Oppenheimer had quite a
career afterwards, almost
regretting his role in
opening up the nuclear--
>>NOORY: He was the
father of the atomic bomb.
>>HARRIS: I know.
And so was Fermi, our Italian--
our Nobel Prize--
>>NOORY: It did
stop World War II.
>>HARRIS: Well, if
you read our book,
it's very interesting that the
emperor was going to surrender
before that and that--
>>NOORY: Maybe, maybe.
>>HARRIS: Yes, yes.
And that brings almost
Jacques very emotional
because he read the
Japanese version
and they couldn't go on anyway.
But the Nagasaki and
Hiroshima was a statement.
It was a statement.
It was like, we can annihilate
you with this new weapon.
But what happens is
then other countries
get that weapon, George,
and you're playing chess.
>>NOORY: And look
what's happened.
Look where we are today.
>>HARRIS: --today.
You're playing chess.
So the only way you
can win this game
is to keep it a check mate.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
>>HARRIS: You don't think
that whoever's out there
is watching this?
They're going to
wonder if they're
going to destroy themselves
ecologically first,
then maybe somebody--
an accident.
We're going to have an accident.
We had Chernobyl.
We had Fukushima.
UFOs were seen around those
two areas when we had that.
And that was serious, I mean,
especially Chernobyl and all
the food supply and everything.
I don't think people are looking
at the behavior of the humans.
They're looking too
much at the behavior
of whoever is visiting.
And I don't have
a name for that.
>>NOORY: Why aren't they landing
so it's so obvious for us?
>>HARRIS: You saw "The Day
the Earth Stood Still."
>>NOORY: We did.
And look what we did.
>>HARRIS: We shot them.
>>NOORY: We shot them.
>>HARRIS: And then
I remember reading
"Childhood's"-- the book, and
it's, the overlords came over
and took all the
kids off the planet.
It would be really interpreted
as an alien invasion.
>>NOORY: Will we ever get these
answers, Paola, the answers
to the questions you've been
looking for all your career?
>>HARRIS: And you've been
looking for them too.
>>NOORY: And I've been
>>HARRIS: Yeah, I know.
We've been both--
>>NOORY: Thank god I've
got researchers like you
to do the yeoman's work.
And you go out there in the
field and things like that.
I'm the facilitator, but
you're the real investigator.
>>HARRIS: But I think
you want to know.
>>NOORY: Absolutely,
since I was a kid.
>>HARRIS: Since you were
a kid-- and Jacques, who
saw at 15 years old a UFO
that changed his life and went
into this area hoping
science will follow him.
Do I think we'll know?
No.
I don't think we'll ever know.
But it doesn't matter because
this is about personal.
When I was in Argentina,
I saw UFOs over my head
in broad daylight--
broad daylight.
They were there because it was--
>>NOORY: Buzzing
all over the place?
>>HARRIS: I saw two
around noontime,
and then I saw one at 3
o'clock in the afternoon.
But there's no airport,
and there's no airplanes.
And it was a clear
sky during the day,
and the people were meditating.
Where I was, the
people were meditating.
It's almost like--
I want to say that if
you want to have answers
you have to go internally
in a place like where
I was in Uritorco, which is
near Cordoba, and just ask.
You can't be in the
middle of New York City.
middle of huge confusion.
I think that whatever is out
there, whatever consciousness
is out there, will respond to
you if you are very sincere.
And that's the only
way, George, you're
going to get your answer,
because I don't think
it's going to come
out of the government,
because I don't think they know.
I mean, we're dealing with
the Navy who's in charge of--
what about the Air
Force and the Army?
I mean, it's so
compartmentalized
that we can't find out that way.
I think the only way we can
find out is on a personal level.
But that's not what I'm here
to do because I know it's real.
>>NOORY: You said something at
the beginning of the program,
that you're
contemplating retirement.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Don't.
>>HARRIS: The kind of
retirement I'm contemplating
is I don't feel like
playing around anymore.
It's not entertainment.
>>NOORY: But we need you.
This field needs you.
There aren't enough of you.
>>HARRIS: I'd rather go to a
university and teach a class.
>>NOORY: On what?
>>HARRIS: On what I learned.
>>NOORY: You think
they'll really let you?
Let's go to the university
and get a class on UFOs
by Paola Harris?
>>HARRIS: We can't call it UFOs.
It's like the--
>>NOORY: UAPs.
>>HARRIS: We could
call it philosophy,
or we could call it social
sciences or whatever interact--
we could call it contact or--
because Carl Sagan
was a famous skeptic.
Before he died, do you remember
he did the movie "Contact?"
>>NOORY: Oh, and the book.
Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: He didn't say what he
said, but he said what he said.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>HARRIS: If you're
intelligent, you
get that Jodie Foster
did missing time.
She did meet up
with consciousness
that looked like her father.
But the words that came out
of that father was we've
been here for thousands of
years watching your species.
That was Carl Sagan,
who was a skeptic.
>>NOORY: And we're looking
for the same things
you're looking for.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Paola, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>HARRIS: Thank you.
>>NOORY: One day,
we'll get the answers.
UFOs, UAPs, call them
whatever you want,
they're coming from somewhere,
and we will find out.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]